Date assigned: Monday 17th of October 2022 – 11:00 PM
Date Due: Monday 7th of November 2022 at 11:00 PM
Late submissions are not allowed. This is a group assessment.


Maximum number of students forming a group is 3.

You can do the project alone or with 1 or 2 students if you like.

In all cases, whether alone or with other students, you must fill in your full name
and the full names of your team group members in the Excel sheet shared and you must reserve a group number.

Cheating or copying other students’ work will get all the involved students a zero grade.

I do not care if someone copied your work or who copied from whom.

The project assignment should be unique. It is statistically impossible that two groups in the class would end up
doing the same project or have the same or similar code.

Any form of plagiarism or academic misconduct is prohibited. I have a zero-tolerance policy concerning this.

Copying code found elsewhere or changing it a bit and then claiming it to be yours will get you a zero grade immediately.

Using anything which you did not create yourself, MUST be cited and/or credited adequately in a separate MS Document which
you include in your submitted Unity project zip file. Using a game asset, any form of code (small or big in size), pseudocode,
ideas, techniques, from any public or private source, online or in any other form, from a video on YouTube or from a Udemy/Coursera/Skillshare
course or similar platforms or from a book or article etc… without citing the exact source adequately in your accompanying
report will get a zero on project 1 for all group members. This is literally the definition of plagiarism.

Make sure your citations are not vague such as saying “Unity Forum” or Unity Scripting API” or saying: “I did a Google Search and found X”.
If you do that you will get a zero. By definition, a citation must be specific and precise.

The Unity code/project submitted should not appear elsewhere, nor should be a previous submission to a different or to the same course
in any previous semester or in any other university or academic institution, nor should be a project done elsewhere in the industry,
nor done for a client, nor made before for any other reasons that I did not state.

If we discover this is the case, you will get a zero grade immediately and an expulsion from the entire course on first offence.
Please refer to the student code of conduct in the syllabus.


Submission Files
1. Citations and Contributions (as an MS Word document): In this document, you must include all the references of anything
& everything that is not your own creation. There must be a contributions section in this document, which should be written
by each group member. In this section, you must state exactly what is your contribution and that of each group member.
Make sure that the contributions are relatively equal since this will affect your grade if you do not contribute much.

2. A Game Design Document (as MS Word Document): must be submitted. It is a document that explains game mechanics,
levels, genre, theme and other characteristics. It should not be more than 2 pages.

3. A Technical Design Document (as MS Word Document) containing flowcharts or sequence diagrams and important class diagrams
with explanation of the most pertinent code.

4. A Unity project with all essential files & folders (Assets, ProjectSettings & Packages).
You can delete the “Library”, “UserSettings”, “Logs”, “Obj” folders. Please only keep these 3 important folders (Assets, ProjectSettings & Packages)
after you finish completely your Unity game. Unity engine should be closed when you delete these folders.
Why? these deleted folders i.e. “Library”, "UserSettings, “Logs”, “Obj” are auto generated by the Unity Editor when you open the project.
This is in order to make sure that the folder size of your Unity project remains small. Always make sure you backup your game on a regular basis.
Put all the above in one single folder and create a zip file with your full name the way it appears on Banner (FirstName-LastName.zip)
and upload it to LAU blackboard. If you are doing the project alone: you still need to submit all the documents & the Unity project files
as detailed in the points above but there no need of course to include the contributions section in the Citations MS Word Document since
you are doing the project alone. In this case, just include the citations in the citations MS Word document.